Add doc for CRD version removal (#33930)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definition-versioning.md

{{< /tabs >}}

> ### Version removal

Reviewer: I noticed that at the top of the page in the Overview section there already are some steps regarding version removal. It does include setting served to false first, and also links to upgrading existing objects to a new stored version.

Maybe the existing steps are sufficient?

Author: Hmm, I see those steps in the Overview section.  I'm fine either way.

> An API version can be removed if there is a newer API version served and stored in the API server for at least 3 Kubernetes releases.

Reviewer 2: There's nothing inherent about 3 releases before removing a version, that's just how the storage API chose to manage the version

Author: Removed this line.

> The older API version cannot be dropped from the CRD manifest until data has been migrated to the newer API version for all clusters that served the older version of the CRD and cleared the older version from status.storedVersions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An older API version cannot be dropped from a CustomResourceDefinition manifest until existing persisted data has been migrated to the newer API version for all clusters that served the older version of the custom resource, and the old version is removed from the `status.storedVersions` of the CustomResourceDefinition.
```

Author: Done

{{< tabs name="CustomResourceDefinition_versioning_removal" >}}

> {{% tab name="apiextensions.k8s.io/v1" %}}

Reviewer 3: I think there should be `{{% /tab %}}` and `{{< /tabs >}}`.

Author: Removed the tab as it is not needed here.

> {{% tab name="apiextensions.k8s.io/v1" %}}

Reviewer 2: drop the tabs/tab bits, we only need to show v1

Author: Dropped tabs/tab.

```yaml
apiVersion: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
kind: CustomResourceDefinition
  name: crontabs.example.com
spec:
  group: example.com
  names:
    plural: crontabs
    singular: crontab
    kind: CronTab
  scope: Namespaced
  versions:
  - name: v1beta1
    served: false
    # This indicates the v1beta1 version of the custom resource is no longer served.

>     # API requests to this version receive a not found error in the server response.

Reviewer 2: suggest putting this comment above the `served: false` line

Author: Done

    schema: ...
  - name: v1
    served: true

>     storage: true

Reviewer 2: suggest commenting on this line to make it clear the new served version should be set as the storage version
